Congrats on all the hard work you've put in.
This lesson contained a lot of information encoding exercises.
Let's recap what you've learned.
One of the main roles of a data engineer is to prepare data pipelines.
Pipelines are used to move data from one place to another place.
You practice writing code for a very specific and common pipeline
called ETL or Extract Transform Load.
You pull data from a source,
transform the data and then load that transformed data into storage.
With your knowledge of ETL pipelines you can communicate better with
a data engineer explaining exactly what data you need and what the data should look like.
As a data scientist,
much of your job will involve gathering and cleaning data.
The extract and transform skills you developed in this lesson will be especially helpful.